ARROW-15087: [Python][Docs] Document MapArray and update parent class to ListArray (#12007)
apache/arrow: docs/source/python/data.rst

   arr.type
   arr

Map arrays
~~~~~~~~~~

> MapArrays can be constructed from lists of lists of tuples (key-item pairs), but only if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Map arrays can be constructed from lists of lists of tuples (key-item pairs), but only if
```

? We're not really consistent, but in the sections above (and also the "Map arrays" title) we typically use the prose "struct array" and not the class name "StructArray"

> the type is explicitly passed into :py:meth:`array`:

Reviewer: Not that important, but I _think_ you don't need the :py: in all those cases, since the "currentmodule" is pyarrow, so that should be searched first.

Author: Thanks! That's makes things simpler :)
